OK, in this lesson, we're going to add another address filled to our person class, which was something
that I was already always intending to do anyway.
So back in the i-d here.
Let's jump over to the person class to just take a look at how we were originally modeled it.
So I'm going to open up the person class here.
And as you can see, we've got online 20 this home address field.
So let's consider what if we wanted to add an additional address field like business address or school
address?
It doesn't really matter what it is, right, but just an additional address field associated with the
person class.
How could we do that?
Why don't you take a moment to go ahead and try to add that additional field into this class for yourself?
And then I will join back up with you and you'll see how I will do it as well.
OK.
Did you get that?
All right.
So my thought here is, let's add an additional address field.
I'm going to probably call mine biz address or business address something like that.
And obviously, the ultimate goal will be to enable our people repository to be capable of saving a
person with either or both additional addresses as well.
OK, but let's start off by just adding this additional address field to the person class, and I'm
going to do this starting off in the tests again.
So I'm going to jump back over to the tests.
There we go.
All right.
And let's see here.
So we've already got this test here can save person with an address.
So what I'm thinking of doing here is I will just duplicate this test as a starting point.
But now I will change its name subtly from can say, person with address to can save a person with bills
address and then and then maybe appear.
I should change this one to can save a person with home address just to make that subtle distinction.
OK.
And so here we're creating a person, then we're creating an address, then we're setting the address
on that person's home address, right?
So why don't we for the business address one?
Why don't we just pretend like we've got another set or method here called?
Business address, like so.
And of course, that method does not yet exist, so we will allow the aid to create that for us.
And I will choose to have the aid, create the property.
That way we get the property, the better and the better methods all generated for us.
All right.
And yes, the data type is address.
Let me scroll up.
Make sure you can see that.
And the parameter, I guess, should be called business address.
That's fine.
And then the property is business address.
Yeah, that all looks pretty good, I think.
And then let's come up here to the top and make sure that it did the right thing up here.
All right.
So we've got a business address now.
Of course, we modeled the home address to actually be an optional address, and now this one isn't
so.
Let's go ahead and just update that right now.
Optional address And then coming down here, we see that this center here should be modeled off of the
set up here.
So if we're going to accept a non optional address, then we'll need to wrap it inside of the implementation
right of Nullarbor.
Like so and then this message should return and optional address.
OK, there we go.
All right.
And then we can jump back over to the test.
OK, so now we're setting a business address and then down here in the assertion we will want to get
the business address now.
But everything else, I think should be the same.
And in fact, I don't even think we need to change any of these values here.
OK, so let's go ahead and run this, and it should fail.
It had better fail.
OK.
And I will click on this and yes, expecting actual not to be null, but it was not OK.
Very good.
All right.
So now this should be pretty straightforward in terms of implementing so much so that I want to challenge
you to go ahead and try implementing this yourself first.
So why don't you pause the video and see if you can get this implemented?
It should basically just be pretty much copying some of the existing code that we've already got and
then join back up with me once you've got it.
Go for it.
OK.
Did you get it all right, so now I will do that with you and we'll see how to get this going.
So I'm going to jump into the people repository and we want to go to our method for saving right.
So here's where we're currently saving a person, and the very first thing we're doing is creating an
address for the saved address.
So that might now have to become like a home address or something of that sort.
And then we prepare to save all the properties of a person, right?
First name, last name, et cetera, et cetera.
But then right here we have this conditional now where we're saying if there is a home address present,
then use the address repository to save that person.
And then that save method should return the saved address, which will now have an ID in it.
And so then we can take that saved ID and associate that to the sixth parameter of our Insert sequel.
OK.
And let's see here just as a really quick review.
So this idea currently is the ID of the home address that just got saved, and we are wanting to associate
that with this parameter right here, which also corresponds to this column in the people table, right?
The home address, right?
So we are just taking that ID of the saved home address and then associating with the home address column
of the people table.
And so to save an additional address, the business address, we basically just need to do all of this
again.
However, we're also going to need to add an additional column to the database right to the people table
to save the business address as well.
OK.
So first, let's go into Squirrel sequel and alter our schema a little bit to add this now that's a
term I haven't used before schema.
The word schema basically just refers to the blueprint for our data tables in a database.
OK, so the schema is like all the table definitions and stuff.
Just like in Java, we've got all the class definitions, if you will.
OK, so we're going to alter our schema to add in this additional business address column.
All right.
So let's hop over to Squirrel.
And by the way, there's another way that we can connect to Squirrel pretty quickly.
If you just come up here to the Connect two and then select the people test that opens up this dialog
right here and we can connect to it.
All right, so we're going to want to alter the people table to add in an additional business address
field, right or column.
Right now, I don't know if when I challenged you just a little bit ago to try to implement all of this
on your own.
If you took the time to come into squirrel also, or if you just focused on the Java code, if you only
focused on the Java code, do you want to go ahead and try doing this on your own as well?
You can pause the video you can Google for H2 database go down to the commands, and if you don't remember
all of the exact commands that you need to type in to add an additional column to an existing table.
So if you like to go ahead and try that now?
All right.
Did you get it?
OK, I'm going to do it now.
All right, so let's do a altar table.
People add column and we called our previous address field home underscore address.
Let's call this one.
This underscore address now, probably I really should be calling this biz address I.D. because that's
what it really is in the database.
But because I didn't do that on the home address, maybe I'm not going to do that here, either.
Now, maybe if I were ever to modify the home address column here to be home address ID, then at that
time I might change this one as well.
But I'd like them to at least both be consistent.
So for now, I'm just going to go with this address and it's actually going to be an ID, which is a
foreign key.
Pointing back to the addresses table.
Remember that a foreign key because that's about to come up right here.
So we're going to do a biz address and then the data type, which is big integer or big event.
And now, because this is a foreign key field, I don't know if you remember we actually modified the
home address column of the people table at one point to specify that it has a foreign key constraint,
pointing back to the ID column of the addresses table.
Now we did that by just modifying the existing field, but here we're creating a field or a column all
in one go.
And so this time around, we're going to specify that there should be a foreign key constraint on this
column as we're creating the column.
And the way to do that is by adding a little bit more onto the end of this line.
So we will add in references and then the name of the table that this column is going to reference,
which is the addresses table and then parentheses and then the name of the column or columns that this
field is pointing to, which in this case is the ID column.
Now let me just remind you why we're saying it in this way.
Basically, we're just saying, if you imagine that this is now the additional business address column,
all we're saying is that any values that we place in this column have to be legitimate values that are
in the ID column of the addresses table.
So in other words, we can't have like the number one thousand if there is no one thousand over here
because that's not an existing record in the addresses table.
Now we are allowed to have null just to indicate that there is no home address where there is no business
address that is a valid value here.
But if you put anything other than null, it has to be a number that is an actual ID in this column
here.
OK.
And so that's what we're really saying here.
This field will reference IDs from the addresses table.
That's exactly what we're saying.
OK.
All right.
And so once we've got that, I'm going to go ahead and execute this.
Now, if you look down here, you'll see that that's going to take a little while to run because it
has to go and essentially update all five million and 11 or whatever it is records that are currently
in the database.
But this is a one time hit.
All right, so that took nearly a minute to to do that, but it looks like it's all set now.
So now we've got our proper business address column and in fact, we can confirm that in a couple of
ways.
We can jump over here to the Objects tab and then I'm double clicking on people test and then public
and then table and people and then clicking on columns.
And now we should have an additional column here.
And yes, we do have got home address and then we've got this address.
All right.
So that looks pretty good.
So now we can jump back over to the ABC, and now we're going to want to update our insert statement
yet again.
So just as we added this home address, we can now add in an additional biz address column now.
And that means we also need to add in another question mark here as another and as an additional bind
parameter.
And then we can go down to our map for save method down here.
Now this will be kind of interesting.
So currently, here's everything we're doing to be able to save a home address, right?
So really, we just want to do all of this again.
But now for the newly added bills address.
So one thing I'm thinking to do here, because pretty much we would just copy everything that I have
selected here and then paste it again, right?
However, I've as I've tried to state a number of times throughout this course, most of the times when
you are inclined to copy and paste code like that, that's a strong indication that you instead should
extract a method and then just reuse that method.
OK.
So let's see if we can figure out a way to do that.
So first thing I'm going to do since I already have this selected is I'm going to do an option command
M to extract the method, and now I need to think of a good name for this.
So what is this code really doing?
It's taking an entity and a prepared statement, and it's determining if there is a home address.
It's saving that home address to the database, getting an ID for that address and then associating
that address to a bind parameter, which in this case is the sixth bind parameter, right?
So maybe a good name for this would be associate address with.
Person, I don't know if that's a great name, but it's better than nothing.
So let's start with that.
All right.
So this method will associate address with person.
And now the next thing I think we want to figure out here is currently this method is hard coded essentially
to only work with the home address.
And now we're going to need it to work with either the home address or the business address.
So what would be kind of nice, I think, is maybe if we could parameter ize this like turn this bit
here into a parameter that we could pass in to specify which address are we trying to work with?
So let's see if we can actually do that.
I've already selected it right here.
So let's see what happens if I simply do an option command p for parameter eyes and I want to replace
that in two places, which is here and then down here, which is a little bit obscured behind this little
pop up here, but I'm going to select both of those spots.
All right.
And now I'm just going to call this address since I plan to reuse this for both home and business.
So that added our address field now.
Notice it also took away the Entity Field, which I think is OK, and apparently the ID deemed that
that was an OK thing to do as well.
And then it added in the entity that get home, address up here now and then, I think we're going to
need to introduce one more parameter as well, and that would be for this index here.
So currently, that's six.
But for our business address, it's going to be a seven.
So I think the six needs to become a parameter as well.
So I've selected the six and then again, I'm going to do an option command p and I want to replace
both occurrences of the six within this method here.
So I'm going to select replace all two occurrences.
And now this, I think, is OK to just be called parameter index.
So I'm going to leave it as is and hit enter.
All right.
And so now I think I'm ready to reuse this by simply duplicating line forty eight.
So I'm just going to do a Command D to duplicate that or control D on Windows and Linux and now change
this bit here from get home address to get.
Business address and then change this parameter to seven.
So you see how much more concise this is where I'm not having to duplicate this little chunk of code
twice, which would not be a good thing to do at all, because then you'd have more maintenance to do.
If if I decided later on that I wanted to change how this implementation works, I'd have to change
it in every place where I duplicated that code.
And what if we added a third address, which I'm not likely to do?
But what if we did add a third address or whatever?
Well, now I can just duplicate this one line of code, which is a lot less code duplication, right
than doing it down here.
So again, just keep that in mind.
Any time you feel compelled to copy and paste code and you've seen me copy and paste some code, I copied
some code from the address repo into the people repo here a few lessons ago because I didn't really
want to get into how they exposed the code that we copied from the address repo in such a way that it
could be accessible from the people repo.
But in real life, if I were spending more time to do all of this stuff, I would have spent more time
to figure out how to reuse that same code without copying and pasting.
But here it's super easy because we're all in the same class anyway.
So that might be enough for us to be able to at least save the additional business address if it exists.
Let's pop back over to the test now because I don't exactly remember what our assertion was.
So we were asserting that the saved persons business addresses I.D. would not be zero.
So let's get out of the scroll SQL database.
Let's close this.
All right.
And now let's run this and see if we've done enough yet.
Huh.
Looks like we have.
OK, so now let's go ahead and just run all the tests.
Oh, OK.
So almost everything is broken now.
Let's see why I can a person with home address even that's broken now.
OK, so let's see here.
Clicking on the can save person with home address.
We've got an error here now.
An old pointer exception.
OK, so we ran into this before when we implemented the ability to save a home address.
And do you remember what that issue was?
It says here cannot invoke optional that is present because the address is null.
Do you remember what what was causing that we needed to jump over to the person class?
Up at the top here, and we had to initialize the home address to be empty because if we don't initialize
it, it's just null, right?
Same thing goes right here for the business address as well.
So if we simply do this again, optional died empty.
Now I want to make sure you really got this.
I tried to explain it.
But just in case I'll repeat when we first create an instance of a person, if we didn't have this equals
optional, that empty, then at the moment that this person is first created, this business address
field here would be null, right?
That makes sense, right?
Because you haven't said anything on it yet.
And if we haven't ever set any value on this business address, but we're trying to call what was the
method here, we're we're trying to call get business address dot is present.
That's really what's causing this.
Get business address that is present well is present is a method on the optional class and there is
no optional class yet because this business address, which is an optional supposed to be an optional,
would be null.
Right.
And so you are trying to call a method on an object that is null.
In other words, the object does not exist, and so you're getting a null pointer exception.
Right.
That's what we're getting here.
And so the easy way to remedy that is simply to initialize the field directly on its declaration to
just be empty.
Now that will get wiped away as soon as we call the setter method set business address, then this object
here with this empty optional would just get garbage collected and replaced with whatever presumably
real object or real optional object we set on that field.
But if you never said anything, you do need it to at least be an empty optional.
And so that's why we're doing this.
All right.
So let's jump back over to our tests and let's run all the tests again and see if that's enough to satisfy
this.
I can just click up here to rerun.
OK.
And it looks like that fix those issues, so we just needed to initialize that new field.
Very good.
All right.
So we've got that much implemented.
So now let's come down here to this test can find person by ID with address.
So first off, let's modify this now to say with home address.
And now let's duplicate this.
The pace there and now we'll say, can find person by ID with this.
Address.
Right.
Because we've only implemented the ability to save a business address, we have not confirmed we haven't
even implemented the ability to retrieve one though, right?
So same thing here.
We're creating a person, we're creating an address, resetting the address on the home.
So now let's set it on the.
Business address field.
OK, then we're saving John.
Then we're retrieving John by I.D. and then we are trying to get the home address and now we want to
get the business address.
Get start equal Washington, so everything else, I think we can leave the same.
So let's run that and see that it should fail.
OK, very good.
So, yes, that is failing, there's no value present, very good.
And now let's go implement it.
So let's jump back over to our people repo class.
And here we are now.
See?
So that was where we were mapping.
So now let's go down to where we are extracting an entity from the results set because this is where
we have the opportunity to extract the address from the database and then build a new address instance
and then stuff that address instance back into our newly reconstituted person object, which we are
then returning down here.
Right?
So here at the very end, we're setting a home address back on that person and then returning it.
So now we just need to do the same thing again for the business address, right?
So let's see.
So the address here is coming from this method.
Call right here, extract address where we're passing and a result said, and here's what we're doing
with it now currently.
Now, you know, now keep in mind, I've taught you now two ways that you could retrieve this type of
associated address of a person.
The first approach that we use, let's just call the address repository passing in the foreign key ID
of the address and then asking the address repository to retrieve and address with that ID.
It was giving that back to us and then we could just take that address, stuff it on to the person and
then return the person.
And that was a very easy approach.
However, just as a quick review, I did state that while that approach works decently for small numbers
of people that you want to retrieve from the database, if you're meaning to retrieve a lot of records
from the database or a lot of people from the database, that's a fairly inefficient way to get their
associated addresses because you have to make twice as many database calls to get both the person and
the address.
And so imagine if we were using that approach now where we have a person that we're selecting from the
database.
And then we also have to retrieve their home address with a second SQL query call.
And then we also want to get their business address with a third call, right?
That's three calls for every one person that we want to get back from the database if we were using
that approach.
So now I want to show you a modification that we can make to our find by I.D. query to not only join
to get the home address, we can add an additional join to get the business address, too.
So let's go up to the Find My ID sequel here.
And currently we're saying select the people fields from the people table.
And also we're selecting the home address fields from the addresses table.
That's what we're doing online.
24 from people as and then we're doing a left outer join to addresses as a.
And then we're joining between the home address of the people and the ID field of the addresses and
then selecting for just the one person that we actually care about.
So what we can actually do now is modify this to simply do an additional left outer join.
So you can do that.
You can actually keep adding on more joints to get more data.
And this is pretty straightforward.
So I'm not really even teaching anything new.
We're just expanding on what you've already learned here.
OK.
However, we are going to run into one small thing.
So remember on Line 24, where we had to add this column alias by doing this edit ID as a underscore
ID, right?
We had to add that because otherwise we couldn't differentiate between the ID four addresses and the
IDs for people, right?
Both column names were the same.
Well, if we add an additional left outer, join back to addresses again to grab not just the home addresses,
but now to add in the business addresses.
All of these address columns are going to conflict with each other.
And so at that point, we will have to supply column aliases for all of these fields now.
OK, so that is one particular difference.
So let's go ahead and try that and see what it'll look like.
So I think what we'll do first is let's modify the table alias that we're using for this left outer
join.
And now let's not only just call it a let's actually call it home.
OK.
As in home addresses.
So we're going to call this home now, which means I need to modify this a right here to be home that
ID.
And then all of these a period's here need to become home.
So the way I will do that is with the search and replace in the ID, I'm going to do a command.
Air or control are on Windows and Linux, and I can say search for a period and replace that with home
period.
Like so and then I can just replace all of these.
Now I'm sometimes a little nervous to do a replace all because I never know all the places that I wasn't
expecting that.
I'm going to do this one at a time by just clicking the replace button here.
And it shows me where it's going to start.
And so I'm good with that getting replaced with HomeKit.
So replace, replace, replace, replacing place.
That's a good one, too.
It looks like that.
And then I can come up here and close this.
All right, that was good.
Now I also need to replace this one alias here, so I'm going to change this alias now to home underscore
ID, and I'm going to have to remember now to go back down to my code where I'm referring to a underscore
idea and change it there.
And in fact, you know what?
I should probably go ahead and just do that right now.
So I'm going to do a command f or control f and search for a underscore ID, which is right here, and
I'm just going to go ahead and replace that right now.
So I just hit escape to close out my finder, my little finding dialog there.
And now I will replace this alias with home, underscore I.D..
OK.
And you know, let me just make sure that's the only.
Yeah, that's the only place where this a underscore ID exists in the rest of this file.
Looks like it is.
OK, so now I can come back up here to the query, and now what I'm going to do is go ahead and add
in column aliases for all the rest of these columns now.
All right.
So as for street address and here as important to as for city?
As as work state, as homeowners, as homeowners, we're county.
At home before even.
As a country, and now I need to add a comma here, because even though I'm at the end of these column
definitions, I'm about to add another set of column definitions now to retrieve the same columns again
for the business addresses.
So I'm going to put a comma here and then I'm actually going to just copy this whole entire line by
just doing a command deed, a duplicate, the line just like.
So now on the second line here, I can go back to the beginning and now what I can do is just search
for the word home just on this one line and replace it with bills.
So I will do another command ah, or control ah, and I will search for the word home and I will replace
it with bids.
And now again, though, I will do this manually because I only want to do it on just this one line.
This is this is.
So be really careful.
OK, so just make sure you're very, very careful to only do this to only make these changes on that
one line, and then I'm going to even double check my work here to try to make sure that I didn't miss
anything or that I didn't go too far.
OK, so that looks good.
And so now I'm going to come down here on Line 27 and duplicate this line left outer join addresses
as biz on P Dot on P Dot.
This address equals.
Bids that I'd.
Right.
So does that make sense?
I'm just telling the database that while you're joining people to address is for home addresses.
Also join again to that same table for the business address.
So it's the same pattern.
OK.
All right.
So now that we've got all of that, let's come back down here to where we are extracting the entity
from the results set.
And let's look at this again now.
So the real magic here of of dealing with an address is right here where we are extracting address from
results set.
So currently we have hardcoded the column names of the fields that we're trying to get right, just
like this.
So these column names will no longer work for us.
All right.
So we've got a couple of things to consider here with this arrest.
Get string approach these column names.
Let let me go back to the database.
Let me go back to the spreadsheet.
So those column names are what we see down here, right?
But now in our SQL query, we've just created aliases for all of these fields now twice, in fact,
right aliases that prepend each of these names with home.
And then again, aliases for each of these columns that prepend with the prefix of biz, right?
So we're going to need to use those aliases now in order to protect ourselves from having any conflicts
here so that we can be sure that we're getting the right data for the business addresses versus the
home addresses.
So over here, using the rest, I get string method will not work anymore unless we do that modification
to our connection string.
Let me show you, let me remind you of that unless we modify our connection strings to add in that little
bit that we did before.
Alias underscore column underscore name equals true, right?
So we could do that, or we could just modify all of these calls to no longer use R's that get string
and instead to use our get value by alias method instead.
I'm kind of inclined to go ahead and just use the get value by alias method instead, because I feel
that this approach doesn't rely on some specific parameter that exists in the H2 database, so it should
be more portable across different databases.
So then to do that, I think what I'll do is to do a search and replace for rest, get string inside
of this method and then replace that with a call to get value by Alias as a starting point.
So again, I'm going to do a Command R, and the ID already knew that since I selected RC, I get a
string.
That's what it's searching for appear.
And then for the replacement techs I just tabbed, by the way, to get down here.
We will call get value by alias and then I will replace all of these.
And again, I'm going to just do this one at a time so that I can pay attention to what I'm doing.
Now, these are all going to be in error initially because this isn't enough to make this all work.
OK, so that's good now you'll hit Escape to make this search dialogue go away.
Now come back up to the top here.
And now we need to add some more things.
So I think now what I will do is add multiple cursors to each of these lines.
They will click here on Line 96 at the end of my quote.
And then I will click again at the end of this quote by holding down option and shift or alt and shift
for Windows and Linux to get another cursor and one there and one there, there, there.
There and there, and now I can put a comma, R.S. comma string dot class.
Like so and I'm just basically following exactly what I have up here, except instead of long, I'm
doing string and now I can get out of this multi-person mode by hitting escape one time and one more
time, I guess.
OK.
All right now, we're still not done because this still won't work, right?
We've got these column aliases now which are specified as either home underscore street address or biz
underscore street address.
And we're trying to reuse this method for either of those cases, right?
So what I propose that we would do here is to introduce an additional parameter to this extract address
method where we can specify the prefix that we want added in front of each of these column names.
OK.
So let me show you what that could look like.
Kind of.
So I'm putting my cursor right here at the front of this, and I'm going to just hardcoded for a moment
here to say something like.
Home plus.
OK.
Just like that.
And now I will come over here to the home and I will select that and then I'm going to parameter ize
it with an option command p.
Just like so and then I'm going to call this maybe alias prefix enter.
And now look what happened up here in our call to this extract address method, it just added in this
parameter of home.
And now what I can do is another multi cursor right here and option shift or alt shift here and here.
And I'm just going to add that same prefix to all of these.
Now here, be careful in this one because the get value by alias method is kind of inside of here.
It's not at the beginning, right?
And here as well.
And so now I will just make all of these lines look like this one alias prefix plus and then escape.
All right.
And so obviously, what that's going to do now is that's going to pass in the word home and then the
word home will be prefixed.
To street address, and I'm sorry, I just realized I just forgot one thing, actually, I need home
underscore, right?
Does everybody follow what I'm doing here?
Let me make sure you're really following this.
So we are going to retrieve each of these columns, right?
And we just alias these columns if I go back up here, right?
We said, we've got these columns that we want to have these column aliases for, and their names are
home, underscore ID, home underscore street address, home underscore address to right.
And so we need to use these aliases now, these column aliases to refer to those columns properly now.
And so this is allowing us to just say this very concisely, just home underscore.
And then that's going to be pretended to all of these column names automatically for us so that we can
reuse this method to retrieve or extract either home addresses or business addresses.
OK.
So that's going to allow us to do both of those now.
And so now I'm going to also change the name of this variable to be more specific.
So I'm going to do a shift of six.
And call this home address like so because that's what that's for.
And now I should be able to just duplicate this line and then change this field's name to biz address
like so and then change this prefix here to biz underscore like so.
And then finally, I can come down here and call person that said business address to biz address.
Like so.
And one more thing this bit right here is hard coded, so we don't want that, do we?
So I'm going to delete the the home underscore part there and then I'm going to use our alias prefix
plus right there as well.
So that will still result in the exact same tax as home underscore ID when we're retrieving the home
addresses, right?
But if we're retrieving that this address is, then it'll be bills underscore ID, obviously.
So I might be forgetting something, I'm not sure, but that's why we have the tests.
So let's go ahead and just run the tests and see where we are with this might this might have been everything.
So I'm going to open up the tests there, and I'm just going to run this one again.
Hey.
And that came back really, really quickly, so I think we must have implemented that now I'm going
to double click on this to jump back into the entire test class.
And let's just run all the tests now and see if we're still in good shape.
Hey, looking really, really good.
And so that is how you can add an additional column.
Now I recognize that that might have felt like a lot of steps and maybe it kind of was.
But what we just did was we not only added the ability to add an additional address column.
We also made that capability more generic.
So if we kind of just review what we did here, starting at the top, so now we're really just doing
the same join that we were already doing before for the home addresses, right?
I literally duplicated that line.
OK.
But now I just changed the alias.
It was a.
And now I'm calling it home to be more specific.
And then we added.
And then for the second join, we're calling that one business address is show biz, right?
And then same thing up here.
Now we had to go ahead and add column aliases for every single column here to make sure that there was
no ambiguity between home address records of the addresses, table versus business address records of
the addresses table.
OK.
And visually, I don't know if you want to think of it in quite this way, but if this helps you at
all, maybe one way that you could think of this.
Maybe one way you could think of this is as if we just duplicated the address table again.
Like so now we're not actually duplicating the table, though, that's not what we're really doing,
right?
But maybe conceptually, if this if this helps you to think of it in this way when we are doing this
double joining right?
You maybe can visualize it as though we've got the addresses table twice now and then we'd be duplicating
all of the address fields that we see down here.
I'm not going to actually do it here, but that's kind of what you know, if you imagine that these
fields here are dropping down to this red section here.
OK, so that's kind of what we're doing with this additional join.
OK, so you can just keep joining the same table or different tables as we've already learned with the
previous techniques to make a result set, that looks like one really massively wide table.
OK.
OK, so that's enough for this approach, and we're going to look at a few more tricks to doing joins
in the upcoming lessons.
And then I think we'll pretty much be done with the JTBC SQL database stuff for the time being.
OK.
So I will see you in the next one.